doc: Adding exit code for pytest usage examples (#8790) (#8800)
pytest-dev/pytest: doc/en/how-to/usage.rst

.. code-block:: python

>     pytest.main()

Reviewer: In this snippet I think it makes more sense to have this instead:

```python
retcode = pytest.main()
```

Here we shouldn't assume that this will be called as the "main" part of a script (might be confusing).

        sys.exit(pytest.main())

this acts as if you would call "pytest" from the command line.

> It will not raise ``SystemExit`` but return the exitcode instead.

Reviewer: While at it lets add some useful links. 👍 

```suggestion
It will not raise :class:`SystemExit` but return the :ref:`exit code <exit-codes>` instead.
```

You can pass in options and arguments:

.. code-block:: python

>     if __name__ == "__main__":

Reviewer: Same here:

```python
retcode = pytest.main(["-x", "mytestdir"])
```

            print("*** test run reporting finishing")

>     if __name__ == "__main__":

Reviewer: 👍
